So we implemented drag and drop in this module and in general, you learned a lot about events, event
listeners, how you can add and remove event listeners, about the event object, how to get data out of it
and that the data you can get out of it differs based on which kind of event you're listening to.
You learned about prevent default which can be super important and about the capturing and bubble phase
which you can control with stop propagation.
You learned a lot about patterns like event delegation which can be useful and in general, you hopefully
now have a good understanding of events, how they work, that they are important and what you can do with
them.
All these examples of course were related to events in the browser but the idea of listening to events,
even if the syntax is a bit different, is the same in a lot of programming languages
and I did mention it earlier,
I will say it again at this point,
you also should later check out the Node.js module to get an idea of how that works
and there you will also see how you listen to an event or how that works in a Node.js example.
And with that, we got that out of the way,
let's now move on.